README.md, before:

# CLJ Stuff Plugin

<!-- Plugin description -->

Custom features added on top of Cursive for Clojure Lovers:

- Inline code evaluation: evaluate forms directly in source view (see screenshots)! Just add a custom Keymap for Tools/Evaluate Inline actions menu
- An annotator for keyword/symbols namespaces (custom syntax highlighted namespaces ftw!)
- Status bar widget to display current file/namespace (great for zen mode, try it)

<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "CLJ Stuff</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>
  
- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/brcosta/clj-stuff-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template

Commit message:

Add clj-kondo support and make eval calls async

README.md, after:

# Clojure Extras Plugin

<!-- Plugin description -->

Custom features added on top of Cursive for Clojure Lovers:

- Inline code evaluation: evaluate forms directly in source view (see screenshots)! Just add a custom Keymap for Tools/Evaluate Inline actions menu
- Clj-kondo support: lint your files with clj-kondo (built-in or local binary support)
- An annotator for keyword/symbols namespaces (custom syntax highlighted namespaces ftw!)
- Status bar widget to display current file/namespace (great for zen mode, try it)

<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "Clojure Extras</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install Plugin</kbd>
  
- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/brcosta/clj-stuff-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
